Remove incorrect or misleading traffic management concepts material (#4565)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/concepts/traffic-management/index.md

location. Visit the [operations guide](/docs/ops/traffic-management/locality-load-balancing/)
for more information on the locality load balancing feature.

In addition to basic service discovery and load balancing, Istio provides a rich

> set of traffic routing and control features, which will be described in the following sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set of traffic routing and control features, which are described in the following sections.
```

With Istio, because the Envoy proxy intercepts and forwards all requests and
responses between the clients and the services, you can use routing rules with
[service subsets](/docs/concepts/traffic-management/#service-subsets)
in a virtual service to configure the [routing rules](/docs/concepts/traffic-management/#routing-rules)
for multiple versions of a service.

Service subsets are used to label all instances that correspond to a specific
version of a service.
Before you configure routing rules, the Envoy proxies use round-robin load
balancing across all service instances, regardless of their subset. After you
configure routing rules for traffic to reach specific subsets, the Envoy
proxies route traffic to the subset according to the rule but again use
round-robin to route traffic across the instances of each subset.

> The advantage of this configuration method is that it decouples the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration method provides the following advantages:

- Decouples the application code from the evolution of the application's dependent services.
- Provides monitoring benefits.
```

> code from the evolution of its dependent services. This in turn provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> monitoring benefits. For details, see [Mixer policies and telemetry](/docs/reference/config/policy-and-telemetry/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see [Mixer policies and telemetry](/docs/reference/config/policy-and-telemetry/).
```

            subset: v1
{{< /text >}}

> In the example under `spec`, the resource specification,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example, under `spec`, the `hosts` resource specification
```

Author: `spec` is the "resource specification", `hosts` is just a part of it.

Author: ```suggestion
In the example, under `spec`,
```

> `hosts` lists the virtual service's hosts. In this case, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lists the virtual service's hosts. In this case, the
```

[multiple types of traffic](/docs/reference/config/networking/v1alpha3/gateway/#Port)
with a gateway.

Gateway configurations apply to Envoy proxies that are running at the edge

> of the mesh, that is, not in service sidecars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the mesh, which means that the Envoy proxies are not running as service sidecars.
```

  [multicluster Istio mesh](/docs/tasks/multicluster/gateways/#configure-the-example-services)
  on Kubernetes.

You don’t need to add a service entry for every external service that you
want your mesh services to use. By default, Istio configures the Envoy proxies
to passthrough requests to unknown services, although you can't use Istio features
to control the traffic to destinations that are not registered in the mesh.

> 

Reviewer: There is confusion among users around mesh-internal and mesh-external service entries. The content here aimed to provide some clarity to alleviate said confusion. What changes can we make to the content for it to remain part of the topic?

Author: The confusion stems from the fact that we are trying to explain a difference when in fact every service entry is really mesh-external. Service entries are used to bring services into the mesh that are not otherwise there by the default registration adapter. Reading doc that says bringing a VM service, for example, into the mesh is somehow mesh-internal is the confusing part. The other things that we used to say is different (default TLS, for example) are not significant because that's all configurable, regardless of the location of the service, so we're just confusing people by trying to explain a difference, where fundamentally there is none.

> 

Reviewer: This list aims to answer the following user questions: What do I use service entries for? Why should I use service entries? Please add TLS origination and single exit point to the list but don't get rid of the others. AFAIK, there are users that employ service entries to perform the configurations currently listed and we keep them in the document.

Author: The first two items are totally arbitrary, and the second one is an overly technical detail that is meaningless without further elaboration, which woul not be appropriate here.

> You can use service entries to access secure external services over plain text ports,

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Access secure external services over plain text ports,
```

> that is, configure Envoy to perform {{< gloss >}}TLS Origination{{</ gloss >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to configure Envoy to perform {{< gloss >}}TLS Origination{{</ gloss >}}.
```

> You can also use service entries with an egress gateway to ensure all external services are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure, together with an egress gateway, that all external services are
```

> accessed through a single exit point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  accessed through a single exit point.
```

> Refer to the [Egress task topic](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Refer to the [Egress task topic](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/) for details.
```

For detailed instructions on how to configure delays and aborts, visit our
[fault injection task](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/fault-injection/).

## Compatibility with application-level fault handling

Istio failure recovery features are completely transparent to the application.
Applications don't know if an Envoy sidecar proxy is handling
failures for a called upstream service, before returning a response.

When you use application-level fault tolerance libraries and Envoy proxy
failure recovery policies at the same time, you need to keep in mind that

> both will work independently, and therefore might conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both work independently, and therefore might conflict.
```

For example: Suppose you can have two timeouts, one configured in a virtual
service and another in the application. The application sets a
2 second timeout for an API call to a service. However, you configured a
3 second timeout with 1 retry in your virtual service. In this case,
the application's timeout kicks in first, so your Envoy timeout and retry

> attempt will have no affect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attempt has no affect.
```
